A secret type must be used for pull secret to work (#41760)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/secret.md

Reviewer: As we're now writing “must” not “can”, consider revising the note text:
```markdown
The `auth` value there is base64 encoded; it is obscured but not secret.
Anyone who can read that Secret can learn the registry access bearer token.
```

We could add an extra detail about one alternative: [credential providers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-credential-provider/).

Reviewer 2: +1 to suggest kubelet credential providers, thank you for adding it

### Docker config Secrets

> You **MUST** use one of the following `type` values to create a Secret to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You **must** use one of the following `type` values to create a Secret to
```

bold is enough for emphasis.

Reviewer: Alternatively,
```suggestion
If you are creating a Secret to store credentials for accessing a container image registry,
you must use one of the following `type` values for that Secret.
```

Reviewer 2: In my opinion, I prefer [this](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/41760/files#r1242021712) ⬆️ suggestion or the original
